add Ema's DevOps.Js Conf 2024 talk (#7026)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/community-resources/talks.mdx

- [View Transitions: Fact vs. Fiction](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iT-3amHK7tA&list=PLqGQbXn_GDmkOsHI7-Wrbv1GgAA4tJZhg&index=29)  by Fred Schott at ViteConf 2023
- [Bringing React into your content sites with Astro](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fouws8iKPKQ) by Matthew Phillips at Future Frontend 2023
- [All Things Astro](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WKXHFIulZ9g) by Elian Van Cutsem, React Day Berlin 2023

> - [You Don’t Know How to SSR](https://portal.gitnation.org/contents/you-dont-know-how-to-ssr) by Emanuele Stoppa, DevOps.js Conf 2024

Reviewer: Though rendered the same in the docs page, other places in the file are using the apostrophe `'` instead of right quotation mark `’`

Reviewer 2: Fun fact: The docs site will publish both of these as the right quotation mark! But I think typing the apostophe is easier on some keyboards. (I don't even know how I'd produce the right angled mark.)

> - [You Don’t Know How to SSR](https://portal.gitnation.org/contents/you-dont-know-how-to-ssr) by Emanuele Stoppa, DevOps.js Conf 2024

Author: ```suggestion
- [You Don't Know How to SSR](https://portal.gitnation.org/contents/you-dont-know-how-to-ssr) by Emanuele Stoppa, DevOps.js Conf 2024
```
